Mirel, we already understand
what Influencer marketing
is, the benefits it has, but
now what I would like is
that we explain to any company
that has an interest in
hiring a campaign or doing a
concrete action, how it has
to deal with this.
Yes, the key thing is to consider
the goal of what you want
to do with the Influencer Marketing
campaign.
So, on this point and this brief
you have three options.
You can go directly to the influencers.
Some of them work on their own
or if they don't refer you to their
representative agency.
The other is to go to the agencies.
There are a few of them that
are specialized in different types
of influencers.
They have close ties with them.
As a benefit, as a disadvantage,
is that your main customer is really
the represented, not you.
And what they offer you is their influencers
portfolio.
I have experienced the two options on
the advertiser's side.
We have searched for influencers on
the internet, contact them, it's a roll.
And in many cases the influencer
already has an agency, so
at the end you start
talking and you are talking
to many agencies, so it's
also a roll.
And if you don't have knowledge,
it's all very complicated because
you talk to an influencer and you
don't know if they charge five
or five thousand.
It is difficult.
I also experienced the representative
agencies.
You contact agencies and the agency
what it has is a portfolio of
influencers who are their representatives,
who in the bottom line as
you say, are their clients.
Therefore, there is a conflict of
interest because the agency has more
interest in the influencer being
happy and making money than
you are making money.
Like you, there are many and another
comes, but the agency has to keep its
portfolio of influencers.
And the third option is to pull
from an agency specialized in making
influencer marketing campaigns that
are not talent representatives.
You work with different representatives,
with different influencers,
etc.
and correct.
And that agency costs you more, obviously,
because there is one intermediary
more, but it gives you a service
that the rest do not give you.
And mainly it is a service of giving
you a strategy based on the briefing
you have given, the strategy, you
have creativity, you are selected
by influencers, you
are the customer and what they
look after is because all selected
contractors give the best
result for that campaign.
With which it may be, depending
a little on the budget you
have, it can be a good option.
In addition, of course, the agencies you
speak of, the reach of influencers
is greater because you are no longer
limiting yourself to those who are
their representatives, but these
agencies work with different agencies
of representation.
Of course, and with all kinds
of influencers on different platforms.
And often, if they are not on their
radar, they look for them based on
what best fits in the proposal.
In my opinion, what works best in
the sense of agencies, you have
digital agencies, communication,
media, there is a whole series.
I think that digital ones, which
are very specialized also in the
environment of social networks
and communication networks, because
they also work influencer
marketing as an extension
of communication in public networks.
Well, I think the three alternatives
we have clear, direct, representative
agencies and digital
agencies that make you
a more comprehensive
plan, etc.
and correct.
Everyone has their pros and cons.
Well, once at some point what we
do is to receive a budget and
the budget can get it directly
from the influencer who says
this costs you so much or from
the agency or if it is a digital
agency, because what you do
is design a a bit more sophisticated
campaign, etc.
But there is always a budget, that
is, we will pay for something.
and yes.
So here the doubt that is generated
when you don't know is, well, but
this is expensive, it's cheap,
I'm paying, then I would like
you to tell us based on that
an influencer X, it doesn't matter,
that it's a youtuber, depending
on that it costs X or Y.
of course.
Man, the price has to have a logic
and in the time that has arisen
all this phenomenon of influencers
had no much logic what
was charged.
Over time, it has already matured
and that there is more logic, there
are more data, there is more information.
The main thing here is depending on
the campaign, the type of, especially
the format and platform, there
is a price.
For that evaluation you have to
take into account, so if you are going
to do a photo campaign, what you are
interested in knowing is how many
impressions you will get about
the photo that the influencer will publish.
Therefore, you have to ask the
influencer or the representation
agency or the digital agency
what is the average impression
that this influencer
gets on that post.
Don't look so much at the subject
of subscribers or followers because
they often don't have a logical
ratio with what they
get for each post.
If you go to video, then what you
are interested in knowing is
how many views that influencer has
had on average on your channel or account.
Then I extract from you, that is, you
are giving us a advice that we
receive the proposal and then
we will receive a proposal with
X names.
and yes.
We are already talking about
who the influencers
are who recommend us.
So what we have to do is a little
research that research is you do
an Excel with the names and
if they are videos, what you
do is you go to the latest
publications you have done.
The last month of video posts
and that's information that's
public that you can see
how many views you've had.
There is Instagram as well.
That is.
What you don't have on Instagram are not
the stories, but the videos of posts
if you see them or on YouTube and you're
going to mark and you're seeing
a little the relationship and that or if
you have the price to influence because
then see the relationship and if
you have the price pack the total you're
going to get if it really is worth you.
Of course, that is one of the variables
that we have said the cost, which is
the cost, the return as the output would
be then if it is a video because
they are the visualizations.
The return can be, that is, we can also
measure a little because the engagement
if you upload a photo and there
are many many comments is good.
And also the video for example in the
length of how many people are taking
to see that video.
You can have many views of a
ten-minute video on YouTube
but only have seen the first
30 seconds on average.
has failed.
That's what you need to do is do
that little that is not complicated
well and is a more quantitative topic
but on the other hand what comes up
to me is valid but not only is quantitative
because there will also be to
value each of those influences
if it will effectively impact or
those visualizations,
those comments are of people
that coincide within the no
of the audience to which I want
to get.
Of course, here's what you have
to know to be clear is the demographic,
the demographic analysis
of the audience.
Okay, how I know it.
You have to request it.
That's no way to know it, you
have to ask him to influence the
agency, send you a screenshot
of its analytics, say, about the
last month and give you the
percentage by gender, age,
age and geographic origin.
That's crucial to have that to see
that, especially at the level of
influencer selection, that you're
reaching the target audience
that interests you.
Well, then I will summarize it
in that we will use two criteria
to evaluate it, cost and
audience targeting.
and correct.
Then in the cost what you tell
us is a little research because
you will have different prices
and so but what to try to compare
pears with pears, we always say,
what you have to do is that you
create an Excel, for example,
and look to see the number of
views of the videos that has
had, the engagement that
are measured.
I like them, I like them, and so on.
You already have the name
of the influencer, you have what will
cost you and you already have some
metric that gives you a little information
and that you have to incorporate
another perspective that is, eye,
that is that it is not only quantitative
as to the range, but that in addition
within that range you are giving
with your target audience, because
when you are shooting, as
you have a million
views, but all who see you
are not, not your customer
person, you are taking the money.
So you have to request it
or you get it from the agencies or
whatever, but at some point
you have to have it.
You have to go through the analytics
of the influencer account.
of the account.
To be able...
And they will give you data on how the
audience is, how it is, yes,
the followers of the Right, correct.
And last question to
understand.
I would like you to explain the cost
at the level, that is, how much
money you have, what budget you
have to have, because this is a
question that comes up to a lot of
people, but this of the
influencers, for whom?
For a guy who has to spend a million
euros or I can start trying
these channels with less money.
How would you explain to us?
I know there are no universal formulas.
No, and it is very difficult to determine
standard parameters or values, say.
You can do a campaign
with any budget.
You have 2,000 euros, because
you can make a micro-
influencers campaign and get
with 2,000 euros, you can get 20,
30 micro-influencers
accounts that each makes
its publication.
It also depends on the platform.
Obviously, platforms like Twitter
are very economical, they
don't even have a very high
ratio of viewing or interaction
results, or YouTube, which
has a higher cost because they
have a video production
that has a great value.
We are not talking about 2,
3, 10 minutes.
And that of recording, editing, scripting,
etc., because they already have,
without taking into account the prescriptor
value, the value of
production increases your budget.
It can be adjusted to any value.
You can make Instagram campaigns
between 5 and 10,000 euros, which
are very effective.
And a large-scale national consumer
company that wants to do a big
campaign with YouTubers may
be spending 50, 60, 70,
000 euros to make references.